---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "st-cdnetworks_origin_rules_rewrite_config Resource - st-cdnetworks"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource configures alternative(s) origins for specific URL paths.
---

# st-cdnetworks_origin_rules_rewrite_config (Resource)

This resource configures alternative(s) origins for specific URL paths.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "st-cdnetworks_origin_rules_rewrite_config" "test" {
  domain_id = st-cdnetworks_shield_domain.test.domain_id

  oigin_rules_rewrites {
    path_pattern       = "images/*"
    origin_info        = "alternate.example.com"
    origin_host        = "alternate.example.com"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain_id` (String) Domain ID

### Optional

- `origin_rules_rewrite` (Block List) Configures path rewrites, alternate origins and url rewrites. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--origin_rules_rewrite))

<a id="nestedblock--origin_rules_rewrite"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_rules_rewrite`

Required:

- `origin_host` (String) The host/domain name to use when performing back to origin request.
- `origin_info` (String) The information of the back to source. Can be IP or domain name.
- `path_pattern` (String) Url matching mode supports regular expression. To match all paths, input can be .*

Optional:

- `after_rewrite_uri` (String) The rewritten request URI. Supports regular expression. Can be used to transparently cache and serve assets from a different path. Defaults to `$1`, which means to reuse the existing uri string . For example, end users access `images/a.jpg` but the asset is at `imgs/a.jpg`, `after_rewrite_uri` can be set to `imgs/$1`
- `before_rewrite_uri` (String) The original request URI. Supports regular expression. Can be used to transparently cache and serve assets from a different path. Defaults to `(.*)`, which means to match the entire uri string. For example, end users access `images/a.jpg` but the asset is at `imgs/a.jpg`, `before_rewrite_uri` can be set to `images/(.*)`
- `data_id` (Number) Used by `CDNetworks` to keep track of the individual configuration.
- `except_path_pattern` (String) Ignore url rewrite rules if paths match these patterns.
- `except_path_pattern_http` (String) Whether to match only paths with HTTP or HTTPS protocol only. Default is blank, matches all paths regardless of protocol
- `ignore_letter_case` (Boolean) Whether to match the letter casing
- `path_pattern_http` (String) Whether to match only paths with HTTP or HTTPS protocol only. Default is blank, matches all paths regardless of protocol
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the execution order. The bigger the number, the higher the priority.
