---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "st-cdnetworks_query_string_url_config Resource - st-cdnetworks"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  With the query string URL, you can set whether to cache multiple copies or cache the URL after removing the question mark (to increase the hit rate), and you can set whether to use the original request to return to the source, etc.
---

# st-cdnetworks_query_string_url_config (Resource)

With the query string URL, you can set whether to cache multiple copies or cache the URL after removing the question mark (to increase the hit rate), and you can set whether to use the original request to return to the source, etc.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "st-cdnetworks_query_string_url_config" "test" {
  domain_id = st-cdnetworks_shield_domain.test.domain_id

  query_string_setting {
    path_pattern         = "*"
    query_string_removed = "test_query"
    source_key_kept      = "test_key"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain_id` (String) Domain id

### Optional

- `query_string_setting` (Block List) Query String Settings Configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--query_string_setting))

<a id="nestedblock--query_string_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `query_string_setting`

Optional:

- `custom_file_type` (String) Custom file type: Fill in the appropriate identifiable file type according to your needs outside of the specified file type. Can be used with file-type. If the file-type is also configured, the actual file type is the sum of the two parameters.
- `custom_pattern` (String) Specify common types: Select the domain name that requires the anti-theft chain to be all files or the home page. :
                                E.g:
                                All: all files
                                Homepage: homepage
- `directory` (String) Directory: Specify the directory for anti-theft chain settings.Enter a legal directory format. Multiple separated by semicolons
- `file_type` (String) File Type: Specify the file type for anti-theft chain settings.
    File types include: gif png bmp jpeg jpg html htm shtml mp3 wma flv mp4 wmv zip exe rar css txt ico js swf
    If you need all types, pass all directly. Multiples are separated by semicolons, and all and specific file types cannot be configured at the same time.
- `ignore_letter_case` (Boolean) Whether to ignore letter case.
- `ignore_query_string` (Boolean) Define the file types to be compressed. 'text/' will be compressed by default.
- `path_pattern` (String) The url matching mode supports regularization. If all matches, the input parameters can be configured as: .*
- `query_string_kept` (String) Cache with the specified query string parameters. If the kept parameter values are the same, one copy will be cached.
Note:
1. query-string-kept and query-string-removed are mutually exclusive, and only one of them has a value.
2. query-string-kept and ignore-query-string are mutually exclusive, and only one has a value.
- `query_string_removed` (String) Cache without the specified query string parameters. After deleting the specified parameter, if the other parameter values are the same, one copy will be cached.
1. query-string-kept and query string removed are mutually exclusive, and only one has a value.
2. query-string-removed and ignore-query-string are mutually exclusive.
- `source_key_kept` (String) Return to the source after specifying the reserved parameter value. Please separate them with semicolons, if no parameters reserved, please fill in:- . 1. Source-key-kept and ignore-query-string are mutually exclusive, and only one of them has a value. 2. Source-key-kept and source-key-removed are mutually exclusive, and only one of them has a value.
- `source_key_removed` (String) Return to the source after specifying the deleted parameter value. Please separate them with semicolons, and if you do not delete any parameters, please fill in:- . 1. Source-key-removed and ignore-query-string are mutually exclusive, and only one of them has a value. 2. Source-key-kept and source-key-removed are mutually exclusive, and only one of them has a value.
- `source_with_query` (Boolean) Whether to use the original URL back source, the allowable values are true and false.
When ignore-query-string is true or not set, source-with-query is true to indicate that the source is returned according to the original request, and false to indicate that the question mark is returned.
When ignore-query-string is false, this default setting is empty (input is invalid).
- `specify_url_pattern` (String) Specify URL cache: Specify url according to requirements for anti-theft chain setting
    INS format does not support URI format with http(s)://
