---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "st-cdnetworks_url_sign Resource - st-cdnetworks"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The resource enable URL Signature for domain
---

# st-cdnetworks_url_sign (Resource)

The resource enable URL Signature for domain

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "st-cdnetworks_url_sign" "test" {
  domain_id                    = "5048000"
  primary_key                  = "abc123"
  secondary_key                = "def456"
  ttl                          = 120
  path_pattern                 = ".*"
  cipher_combination           = "$uri$ourkey$time$args{rand}$args{uid}"
  cipher_param                 = "auth_key"
  time_param                   = "tname"
  time_format                  = "7s"
  request_url_style            = "https://$domain/Suri?$args&tname=$time&auth_key=$key"
  dst_style                    = 1
  encrypt_method               = "md5sum"
  log_format                   = false
  ignore_uri_slash             = false
  ignore_key_and_time_position = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cipher_combination` (String) Anti-hotlink generation method, parameters involved in MD5 calculation and combination order.
- `cipher_param` (String) Parameter name of the anti-hotlink string.
- `domain_id` (String) Domain id.
- `dst_style` (Number) Anti-hotlink return method. Values: 1 (use unencrypted URL to return to the source), 2 (use the URL with encrypted string requested by the customer to return to the source).
- `encrypt_method` (String) Encryption algorithm. Currently supported parameters: md5sum.
- `ignore_key_and_time_position` (Boolean) Key and time can be interchanged.
- `ignore_uri_slash` (Boolean) Remove / from $url in hotlink protection.
- `log_format` (Boolean) Logging original url.
- `lower_limit_expiry_time` (Number) Validity of the URL Signature before the timestamp, in seconds.
- `path_pattern` (String) URL matching mode, supports regular expressions. Timestamp anti-hotlink verification is performed on the matched URLs; unmatched URLs are rejected.
- `primary_key` (String, Sensitive) Primary key of the URL Signature.
- `request_url_style` (String) Anti-hotlink request URL format.
- `secondary_key` (String, Sensitive) Backup key of the URL Signature.
- `time_format` (String) Anti-hotlink encryption string time format, multiple selections are allowed, separated by semicolons (;).
- `time_param` (String) Parameter name of the time string.
- `upper_limit_expiry_time` (Number) Validity of the URL Signature after the timestamp, also known as TTL, in seconds.
